Add ai user feedback to user feedback page (#14762)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/user-feedback/index.mdx

![User Feedback List.](./img/user-feedback-list.png)

## AI-Powered User Feedback Summaries

<Include name="feature-available-for-user-group-early-adopter.mdx" />

> Sentry now provides **AI-powered user feedback summaries** that automatically analyze and categorize your feedback to give you actionable insights at a glance. This at-a-glance summary can help you understand large amounts of user feedback without having to manually triage every piece of feedback, transforming overwhelming volume into actionable insights, and helping you prioritize user experience improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry now provides **AI-powered user feedback summaries** that automatically analyze your feedback to give you a concise overview at a glance. This at-a-glance summary can help you understand large amounts of user feedback without having to manually triage every piece of feedback, transforming overwhelming volume into actionable insights, and helping you prioritize user experience improvements.
```
i wonder if we should leave out the categorization for now, since it's not GA yet
